Shop:
	Elemental Damage:
		Besides being able to upgrade your regular damage per click you will also be able to upgrade your elemental damage which will stack upon your regular damage if you hit the monster
		with the corresponding element. Elemental damage will also be a neccesity for the Alatreon fight because your regular damage will have no effect on him.

Items: 
	Having a random chance of making one of these items appear:
		Demondrug - Increasing attack with 5% for 2 minutes.
		Mega Demondrug - Increasing attack with 5% for 5 minutes.
		Might Pill - Increasing attack with 20% for 20 second.
	
	Each item will have its corresponding icon and will bounce around the screen for 10 second before disapearing.
	(Or each one has its own countdown for example: Demondrug stays for 20 second on screen and Might Pill stays for 5 seconds).
	
Hunters:
	4 Hunters can be added via the shop.
	You can choose 14 weapons but not have a hunter for every weapon (Or maybe you can we'll see how it works out).
	
	To add a hunter open the hunter menu via the shop and press the 'Add Hunter' button when you have enough Zenny.
	A new menu will be added in which you can manage your hunter (Increasing attack, Weapon Choice and more).
	
	Hunters can have weapons with different Status ailments like:
		Poison - will damage the monster over time 
		Blast - will cause an explosion doing a lot of damage but having a far rarer chance of activating 
		Sleep - will cause the monster to sleep and the next hit will do 50% more damage
		Paralysis - will paralyse the monster giving all the hunters a 5% damage boost

Monsters:
	New monsters will be added at certain tresholds.
	For example after reaching Hunter Rank 30 a new group will be added to the monster pool and so on until all pools have been added.
	
	Every monster will have its own elemental weakness which will be displayed in the top corner of the icon. If you have upgraded the corresponding elemental damage in the shop the damage
	will be put on top of your regular damage giving you a damage boost.
	
	Instead of having to kill every monster you come across every monster has 2/3 minute (will most likely change) despawning period, meaning that you have 2/3 minutes to fight
	and kill the monster before despawning and being replaced by a slightly nerfed new monster.
	
	Elder Dragons:
		After a treshold of 250 monsters has been reached (will most likely change) elder dragons will enter the monster pool.
		Elder dragons will have a chance to spawn after every 10-20 monsters (again, will most likely change) instead of having a chance to spawn after every kill.
		
		Fatalis: 
			When a Elder Dragon is chosen there is a very slim chance for it to be Fatalis. When Fatalis has been chosen he will fade in while his theme starts playing at 50% mark his second phase
			theme starts playing.
			Fatalis will have massive health pool and take a long time to kill he will also have an extended despawning period. 
		
		Alatreon:
			Besides Fatalis there is also a slim chance for Alatreon to spawn. When Alatreon spawns he will be in one of three modes:
				Ice: When in ice mode Alatreon can only be damaged with Fire and Dragon damage, normal clicks and other elements will not have any effect on Alatreon.
				Fire: When in fire mode Alatreon can only be damaged with Ice and Dragon damage, normal clicks and other elements will not have any effect on Alatreon.
				Dragon: When in dragon mode Alatreon can be damaged with every element but dragon with have the best effect.
			Alatreon will switch elements every 25% of the fight so it'll go in a pattern like: Ice or Fire -> Dragon -> Opposite element which it was in first phase.
			Alatreon will also have an extended despawning period like Fatalis.
			When Alatreon spawns his theme will also start playing

Decorations:
	Being able to equip a certain amount of Decorations that can enhance specific statistics for example:
		Attack Boost: Will increase the amount of raw damage dealt per click
		Crit Boost: Will increase the amount of damage dealt per critical hit
		Critical Eye: Will increase the amount of affinity you have
		Heroics: instead of Doing more damage when you're low HP, You will deal more damage when the
		monster is low hp
		Peak Performance: Same as heroics but instead of low hp, will deal more damage when the monster
		has more hp
	
	Decorations can drop from monsters when they're killed. More rare decorations will drop
	from harder monsters.
	Decorations will be devided in rarities, each rarity having their own pool of decorations.
	
	You will also be able to equip hunters with decorations that can further enhance their stats and
	damage output.
		
